esm: doc & validate source values for formats (#32202)
nodejs/node: doc/api/esm.md

> signature may change. Do not rely on the API described below.

The `getFormat` hook provides a way to define a custom method of determining how
a URL should be interpreted. The `format` returned also affects what the
acceptable forms of source values are for a module when parsing. This can be one
of the following:

> | `format` | Description | Acceptable Source Values |

Reviewer: Maybe it's just me, but I read this as "the source value of `format`", e.g. that `'builtin'` should be a string. I think what you mean is the acceptable type of `source` returned by `getSource` for this format? So maybe call this "Acceptable Types for `getSource` Returned `source`"?

Should we also update the signature in `getSource`?

```js
@returns {string|buffer} response.source
```

Author: Yes, I meant the value from either getSource OR transformSource

Reviewer: Okay, do you mind making that clearer? Maybe “Acceptable Types For `source` Returned by `getSource` or `transformSource`”?

Author: done, also made sure to actually check both hooks rather than just transformSource

> signature may change. Do not rely on the API described below.

The `getFormat` hook provides a way to define a custom method of determining how
a URL should be interpreted. The `format` returned also affects what the
acceptable forms of source values are for a module when parsing. This can be one
of the following:

| `format` | Description | Acceptable Types For `source` Returned by `getSource` or `transformSource` |

> | --- | --- |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| --- | --- | --- |
```

Reviewer 2: This is a malformed table w/o this change. Please make 3 cols. :)

| `'builtin'` | Load a Node.js builtin module | Not applicable |
| `'commonjs'` | Load a Node.js CommonJS module | Not applicable |
| `'dynamic'` | Use a [dynamic instantiate hook][] | Not applicable |
| `'json'` | Load a JSON file | array buffer, string, or typed array |
| `'module'` | Load a standard JavaScript module (ES module) | array buffer, string, or typed array |
| `'wasm'` | Load a WebAssembly module | array buffer, or typed array |

> For text based formats like `'json'` or `'module'` if the source value is not a
> string it will be converted to a string using [`util.TextDecoder`][].

Reviewer 2: Note: If the source value of a text-based format (i.e., `'json'`, `'module'`) is not a string, it will be converted to a string using [`util.TextDecoder`][].
```suggestion
Note: If the source value of a text-based format (i.e., `'json'`, `'module'`) is not a
string, it will be converted to a string using [`util.TextDecoder`][].
```

> Note: If the source value of a text-based format (i.e., `'json'`, `'module'`) is not a
> string, it will be converted to a string using [`util.TextDecoder`][].

Reviewer 2: Sorry, max-len 80!

```suggestion
Note: If the source value of a text-based format (i.e., `'json'`, `'module'`) is
not a string, it will be converted to a string using [`util.TextDecoder`][].
```

> | `'json'` | Load a JSON file | array buffer, string, or typed array |
> | `'module'` | Load a standard JavaScript module (ES module) | array buffer, string, or typed array |
> | `'wasm'` | Load a WebAssembly module | array buffer, or typed array |
> 
> Note: If the source value of a text-based format (i.e., `'json'`, `'module'`) is
> not a string, it will be converted to a string using [`util.TextDecoder`][].
> 
> Note: `Buffer` is a form of typed array.

Reviewer 2: Can we use set notation here and link to the specifications for each of the types?

```suggestion
| `'json'` | Load a JSON file | { [ArrayBuffer][], [string][], [TypedArray][] } |
| `'module'` | Load an ES module | { [ArrayBuffer][], [string][], [TypedArray][] } |
| `'wasm'` | Load a WebAssembly module | { [ArrayBuffer][], [string][], [TypedArray][] } |

Note: These types all correspond to classes defined in ECMAScript.

* The specific [ArrayBuffer][] object is a [SharedArrayBuffer][].
* The specific [string][] object is not the class constructor, but an instance.
* The specific [TypedArray][] object is a [Uint8Array][].

Note: If the source value of a text-based format (i.e., `'json'`, `'module'`) is
not a string, it will be converted to a string using [`util.TextDecoder`][].
```

[`module.createRequire()`]: modules.html#modules_module_createrequire_filename
[`module.syncBuiltinESMExports()`]: modules.html#modules_module_syncbuiltinesmexports
[`transformSource` hook]: #esm_code_transformsource_code_hook

> [`util.TextDecoder`]: util.html#util_class_util_textdecoder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[ArrayBuffer]: http://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/6.0/#sec-arraybuffer-constructor
[SharedArrayBuffer]: https://tc39.es/ecma262/#sec-sharedarraybuffer-constructor
[string]: http://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/6.0/#sec-string-constructor
[TypedArray]: http://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/6.0/#sec-typedarray-objects
[Uint8Array]: http://www.ecma-international.org/ecma-262/6.0/#sec-uint8array
[`util.TextDecoder`]: util.html#util_class_util_textdecoder
```
